Aeroplan 40th Anniversary Card Acquisition Offer (this “Offer”) starts midnight EST July 8, 2024, and ends midnight PST July 17, 2024 (the “Offer Period”). During the Offer Period, any individual who has never held an Aeroplan credit card of any card type, regardless of credit card issuer, who applies and is approved for a Primary TD Aeroplan Credit Card, (the “Card Account”), will earn 40% more points for every $1 spent on eligible purchases charged to their Card Account (see table below for bonus points calculation). These 40% bonus points will apply to any eligible purchase made in the first 40 days from the Card Account open date (the “Eligible Period”), up to a maximum of $40,000 in spend on eligible purchases on the Card Account (the “Eligible Spend”).  This Offer is only available to individuals acquiring their first-ever Aeroplan credit card, is non-transferable, and is not redeemable for cash. Additional Cardholder spend is counted towards the Eligible Spend and bonus points will be awarded to the Primary Cardholder’s Aeroplan account. Returned items, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits will reduce or cancel the Aeroplan points earned by the amount originally charged to the Card Account. Eligible Spend does not include cash advances, interest charges, fees, balance transfers, payments, optional services, rebates or other similar credits, or cash-like transactions. 
Bonus Aeroplan points will be awarded up to 10 weeks from the end of the Eligible Period (the “Offer Fulfillment Date”). This Offer cannot be combined with the Aeroplan 40th Anniversary Card Engagement Offer. Points received as part of a Welcome Bonus Offer are not eligible for this Offer. Bonus Aeroplan points earned with this Offer are not eligible for Everyday Status Qualification (EDQ). 
Eligible purchases posted to your Card Account with a transaction date will count towards the Offer. Your Card Account and Aeroplan account must be open, and in good standing at the time the Aeroplan points are awarded. This Offer may be revoked by Aeroplan if you appear to be manipulating or abusing it, or are engaged in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as determined by Aeroplan in its sole discretion. For Aeroplan terms and conditions, please visit: aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions