40th Anniversary - Engagement Offer

Terms & Conditions
Aeroplan 40th Anniversary Card Engagement Offer (this “Offer”) starts July 14, 2024 midnight EST and ends July 17, 2024 midnight PST (the "Offer Period") and is available to the Primary Cardholder of a TD Aeroplan Credit Card that is open and in good standing during the Offer Period (the “Card Account”). 
To be eligible for the Offer, the Primary Cardholder must register for the Offer by clicking on the “Register Now” button by the end of the Offer Period to earn 40% more points for every $1 spent on eligible purchases charged to their Card Account (see table below for bonus points calculation). These 40% bonus points will apply to eligible purchases made during the Offer Period up to a maximum of $40,000 in spend on eligible purchases per registered Card Account (the "Eligible Spend"). Additional Cardholder spend is eligible for this Offer, but bonus points will be awarded to the Primary Cardholder’s Aeroplan account. Returned items, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits will reduce or cancel the Aeroplan points earned by the amount originally charged to your Card Account. Eligible Spend does not include cash advances, interest charges, fees, balance transfers, payments, optional services, rebates or other similar credits or cash-like transactions. 
Bonus Aeroplan points will be awarded up to 10 weeks after the Offer Period ends, (the “Offer Fulfillment Date”). Eligible Spend posted to your Card Account with a transaction date during the Offer Period are eligible for this Offer. This Offer cannot be combined with the Aeroplan 40th Anniversary Card Acquisition Offer. Bonus Aeroplan points earned with this Offer are not eligible for Everyday Status Qualification (EDQ).  
Offer is non-transferable and is not redeemable for cash. Your Card Account and Aeroplan account must be open, and in good standing at the time the Aeroplan points are awarded. This Offer may be revoked by Aeroplan if you appear to be manipulating or abusing it, or are engaged in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as determined by Aeroplan in its sole discretion. For Aeroplan terms and conditions, please visit aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions
