TD® Aeroplan® Credit Card 10 Year Anniversary Contest Rules

1.	CONTEST PERIOD:  The TD Aeroplan Credit Card 10 Year Anniversary Contest (the “Contest”) begins at 12:01 AM Eastern Time ("ET") on August 15, 2024 and ends at 11:59 PM ET on August 24, 2024 (the “Contest Period”).  The Sponsor of the Contest is The Toronto-Dominion Bank 9th floor, TD Tower North, 77 King Street West, Toronto, ON M5K 1A2 (“TD"). The contest administrator for this Contest is Diamond Integrated Marketing, 477 Richmond Street. W. #1000, Toronto, ON M5V 3E7 the "Contest Administrator").
2.	ELIGIBILITY: The Contest is open to all residents of Canada who:
a) are either:
(i) the primary cardholder of a 1) TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege* Card; 2) TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite* Card; or 3) TD Aeroplan Visa Platinum* Card, which is active and in good standing;
OR
(ii) the primary business cardholder1 of a TD Aeroplan Visa* Business Card, which is active and in good standing; 
(each an "Eligible Card" and collectively the "Eligible Cards");

b) are existing Aeroplan members; AND

c) are of the legal age of majority in their province/territory of residence at the time of entry into the Contest 
(each an "Eligible Participant"). 

1Primary business cardholder is the individual business-person responsible for the annual fee for the TD Aeroplan Visa Business Card.

The following individuals and their household members are not eligible to enter the Contest: Employees, agents, and representatives of each of (i) TD, (ii) its subsidiaries and affiliates, and (iii) any and all other companies associated with the Contest including the Contest Administrator, Air Canada, Aeroplan and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates.
3.	HOW TO PARTICIPATE: No purchase necessary. "Entrant" means the Eligible Participant who, during the Contest Period, fully completes and submits a Contest entry form (the "Form") with their full name, e-mail address and Aeroplan membership number (each an "Entry" and collectively the "Entries"). The Form is available at [insert URL]. Limit one (1) Entry per Entrant.
4.	PRIZES: There are four hundred and three thousand and thirty-five (403, 035) prizes available to be won (each a "Prize" and collectively the "Prizes") as described below. 
•	Ten (10) Grand Prizes, each consisting of one million (1,000,000) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $20,000)
•	Twenty-five (25) Second Prizes, each consisting of one hundred thousand (100,000) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $2,000)
•	Five hundred (500) Third Prizes, each consisting of ten thousand (10,000) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $200)
•	Twenty-five hundred (2,500) Fourth Prizes, each consisting of one thousand (1,000) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $20)
•	One hundred thousand (100,000) Fifth Prizes, each consisting of five hundred (500) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $10); and
•	Three hundred thousand (300,000) Sixth Prizes, each consisting of one hundred (100) Aeroplan points (approx. retail value CAD $2)

Note: Approximate retail value is based on the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of CAD$0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of Nov 1, 2023. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of Nov 8, 2020 – Nov 1, 2023. Aeroplan points have no cash value but are redeemable under the Aeroplan program for flights and other rewards. The retail value of rewards obtained using Aeroplan points will vary depending on a range of factors including the type of reward issued, details of which may be found at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan.html. Aeroplan points may be redeemed only in accordance with the General Terms & Conditions of the Aeroplan program. Full terms and conditions of the Aeroplan Program are available online athttps://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan/legal/terms-and-conditions.html. 

5.	DRAW DATES: Four hundred and three thousand and thirty-five (403,035) random draws (each a “Draw”) for the Prizes will be held in Toronto, Ontario starting at 11:00 AM ET on August 27, 2024 continuously until all Draws have been completed. The Draws for the Grand Prizes will be held first, followed by the Draws for the remaining Prizes in descending order until all Draws have been completed. The odds of winning will depend on the total number of eligible Entries received.

6.	PRIZE AWARDING:  If you are a selected Entrant in a Draw, you will be provided specific instructions on what you are required to do in order to claim your Prize. Each Prize will be awarded only upon verification and final approval by TD. Each Prize must be accepted as awarded and no substitution, transfer, conversion to cash or otherwise, or assignment of a Prize will be allowed, unless at the sole discretion of TD which may substitute another prize of equal or greater value.  Each winner is solely responsible for use of the Prize and for any costs, fees, taxes and expenses associated with the Prize, including any federal and provincial taxes on the Prize. No communication will be entered into with any Entrants except with the selected Entrant(s).

Attempts will be made to contact the selected Entrants based on the contact information provided at the time of entry, for a period of three (3) business days following the Draw date. If a selected Entrant cannot be contacted within the allotted time, TD reserves the right to void that Entry and select another eligible Entrant for the Prize.  In order to be declared an official winner, a selected Entrant must correctly answer a mathematical skill-testing question without mechanical or other assistance. A selected Entrant will be required to complete, sign and return a Declaration and Release Form within five (5) business days of receipt.  If a selected Entrant fails to complete, sign and return the Declaration and Release Form within five (5) business days and/or provides an incorrect answer to the mathematical skill-testing question, TD and/or the Contest Administrator reserves the right to void that Entry and select another eligible Entrant for the Prize.

7.	CONTEST GENERAL RULES: By entering the Contest, Entrants agree to abide by these Contest Rules and the decisions of TD and the Contest Administrator, which are final.  All Entrants release and forever discharge each of the Contest Administrator and TD, their  advertising and promotional agencies, and their respective affiliated companies and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, as well as all other companies associated with the Contest including Air Canada and Aeroplan from all claims, demands, damages, actions and causes of action arising or that could  arise by reason of his/her/their participation in the Contest and/or the administration of the Contest, including, without limitation, the selection and awarding of the Prize. By entering the Contest, Entrants give permission to TD, at its option, to publish or otherwise use the Entrant’s name, address, photograph, voice and comments, without compensation, in any publicity carried out by TD or its advertising agencies where such Entrant is declared to be the winner of a Prize. TD reserves the right, in its sole discretion to terminate the Contest, in whole or in part, or modify, amend or suspend the Contest and/or the Contest Rules in any way at any time for any reason, without prior notice or compensation.  TD and the Contest Administrator shall in no way bear any liability whatsoever regarding any Prize. In no event shall TD or the Contest Administrator be liable for any special, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with this Contest and/or the Prize or its uses, however arising, including negligence.

8.	DISQUALIFICATION:  TD and the Contest Administrator are not responsible for lost Entries, or interrupted or unavailable network server or other connections, miscommunications, or other errors of any kind whether human, mechanical or electronic. Any Entrant found tampering with, undermining, or abusing any aspect of this Contest, as determined by TD and/or the Contest Administrator, will be disqualified. In the event any portion of this Contest is compromised by virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention or other causes beyond the control of TD and/or the Contest Administrator, which, in the sole opinion of TD and/or the Contest Administrator, corrupts, or impairs the administration, security, fairness or proper entry into the Contest, TD and the Contest Administrator reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to suspend or terminate this Contest, or to amend the Rules of the Contest.
 
 
Mini Rules
No purchase necessary to enter. This Contest begins at 12:01 AM ET on August 15, 2024 and ends at 11:59 PM ET on August 24, 2024 ("Contest Period") and is open to all residents of Canada who are the legal age of majority in the province/territory of residence and who are either: (i) the primary cardholder of a 1) TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite Privilege* Card; 2) TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite* Card; or 3) TD Aeroplan Visa Platinum* Card, which is active and in good standing; OR (ii) the primary business cardholder of a TD Aeroplan Visa* Business Card, which is active and in good standing; AND are existing Aeroplan members; AND who during the Contest Period, fully complete and submit a Contest entry form with their full name, e-mail address and Aeroplan membership number. There are four hundred and three thousand and thirty five (403,035) prizes available to be won consisting of: ten (10) Grand Prizes of one million (1,000,000) Aeroplan points each (ARV CAD$20,000), twenty-five (25) Second Prizes of one hundred thousand (100,000) Aeroplan points each (ARV CAD$2,000), five hundred (500) Third Prizes of ten thousand (10,000) Aeroplan points each (ARV CAD$200), twenty-five hundred (2,500) Fourth Prizes of one thousand (1,000) Aeroplan points each (ARV CAD$20), one hundred thousand (100,000) Fifth Prizes of five hundred (500) Aeroplan points  each (ARV CAD$10) and three hundred thousand (300,000) Sixth Prizes of one hundred (100) Aeroplan points each (ARV CAD$2). Approximate retail value is based on the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of CAD$0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of Nov 1, 2023. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of Nov 8, 2020 – Nov 1, 2023. Limit of one entry per entrant. Mathematical skill testing question required. Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received. Prizes to be drawn in descending order starting first with the Grand Prizes. Full Contest rules available here.

