1 Limited Time Promotional TD Aeroplan Offer (this "Offer"): This offer is not valid in Quebec. This Offer starts at 12:01am Eastern Standard Time ("EST") on January 3rdMarch 4th , 2025 and ends at 11:59pm (EST) on April 30thJuly 4th, 2025 (the "Offer Period") and is only available to [Card Name] credit card accounts that are open, and in good standing during the Offer Period (each, an "Eligible Account").  
The primary cardholder of an Eligible Account (an "Eligible Cardholder") must register during the Offer Period to participate in this Offer and before any purchase will qualify for this Offer.  To register for this Offer, during the Offer Period, an Eligible Cardholder must first select the digital "Get Started” button [included within this emailbelow] which will lead to the landing page for this Offer where the Eligible Cardholder must then select the digital "Register now" button to complete the registration (each, a "Participating Cardholder"). 

[[Once registration is completed, all Eligible Purchases (defined below) [Business: made by a Participating Cardholder][ Consumer: charged to an Eligible Account ] during the Offer Period will qualify for this Offer regardless of when the registration is completed during the Offer Period.]

[Once registration is completed, all Eligible Purchases (defined below) made by a Participating Cardholder during the Offer Period will qualify for this Offer regardless of when the registration is completed during the Offer Period.]

Participating Cardholders can earn up to 6,000 bonus points (the "Offer Bonus") based on the total amount of all purchases [(and, to count toward the total, a purchase must be a minimum of $25 in a single transaction]) made with an Eligible Account during the Offer Period  using any of Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay mobile wallets, which purchases are not subsequently rescinded, the subject of a chargeback request or otherwise disputed ("Eligible Purchases") based on the following tiered structure: 



Mobile Wallet Taps 	Earn
[30]	[XXXX] bonus Aeroplan points
[60]	[XXXX] bonus Aeroplan points
[90]	6,000  bonus Aeroplan points

For clarity, purchases made using any other method of payment (e.g., cash or non-Eligible Account credit card) or not using an eligible mobile wallet listed above do not qualify as an Eligible Purchase. 
This Offer may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time, without notice, and is non-transferable and is not redeemable for cash. Please allow up to 8-10 weeks after the Offer Period ends to receive the Offer Bonus earned under this Offer. The Offer Bonus awarded will be determined by the active card type at the time of offer fulfillment. Your Eligible Account must be open and in good standing at the time the Offer Bonus is awarded and deposited to the Participating Cardholder's  Aeroplan account. This Offer may be revoked if a Participating Cardholder appears to be manipulating or abusing this Offer, or is engaged in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as determined by The Toronto- Dominion Bank in its sole discretion.
 This Offer will be in addition to any other offers available for the Eligible Account. All applicable annual spend caps for each category of applicable earn rates will continue to apply.  Any returned items, refunds, rebates or other similar credits will reduce or cancel the Aeroplan points, including the Offer Bonus, earned on the original Eligible Purchases.  
For Aeroplan terms and conditions, please visit: aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions

