^^ Limited Time Offer: This offer (“Offer”) starts April 03, 2025, and ends June 03, 2025 (the “Offer Period”). The Offer is only available to the primary cardholders of Amazon.ca Rewards Mastercard® credit card accounts (each, an “Eligible Account”) who are the recipients of this email (each, an “Eligible Cardholder”). For purposes of this Offer, “Eligible Purchases” means grocery purchases charged and posted to an Eligible Account from a merchant that is coded with a Merchant Category Code ("MCC") of 5411 (Grocery Stores, Supermarkets), 5422 (Freezer and Locker Meat Provisioners), 5441 (Candy, Nut Confectionary Stores), 5451 (Dairy Product Stores), and 5462 (Bakeries). For clarity, any purchase from a merchant that is coded as Merchant Category Code: 5499 (Misc. Food Stores – Convenience Stores, Markets, Specialty Stores, Vending) is not an Eligible Purchase and does not qualify for this Offer. To be eligible for a one-time $20 statement credit ("Bonus Statement Credit"), an Eligible Cardholder must charge a minimum of three (3) Eligible Purchases of at least $50 (CAD) each, to their Eligible Account, during the Offer Period. Please allow up to 6 to 8 weeks after the Offer Period ends for the Bonus Statement Credit to be applied to the Eligible Account. To receive the Bonus Statement Credit, the Eligible Account must be open, active and in good standing at the time the Bonus Statement Credit is applied to the Eligible Account. Any returned items, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits will reduce or cancel the Bonus Statement Credit earned on the original Eligible Purchase. MCCs are determined by the merchant and Mastercard and such MCCs may be changed from time to time. We do not monitor or determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill purchase transactions according to the MCC. We reserve the right to determine whether purchases qualify for the Bonus Statement Credit. This Offer will be in addition to any other offers available for an Eligible Account. This Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time. Merchants are not responsible for this Offer or the Bonus Statement Credit. No enrollment is required for this offer.