Interest rates, fees and features are effective as of January 7, 2025, unless otherwise indicated, and are subject to change.

To qualify for this offer, applications for a new TD Business Travel Visa* Card Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. Offer effective as of January 7, 2025. 

μ Effective as of January 7, 2025. The value of up to $1,122 could be earned in the first year of Account approval and is based on the combined value of:
•	$247: Annual Fee Rebate for the Cardholder ($149) who is the Individual Borrower and up to two Annual Fee Rebates for two Additional Cardholders ($49 each) for the first year; Additional Cardholders must be added to the Account by January 30, 2025.
•	$875: 175,000 TD Rewards Points earned based on the following requirements:
o	Welcome Bonus of 30,000 TD Rewards Points earned when a Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower makes their first Purchase with the Card (travel value at ExpediaForTD of $150);
o	Monthly Bonus of 10,000 TD Rewards Points per month (up to a total maximum of 120,000 TD Rewards Points) earned when the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower spends $2,500 in Purchases each month for the first 12 months after Account approval (travel value at ExpediaForTD of $600);
o	Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer up to 25,000 TD Rewards Points earned when a Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower makes at least $250 in eligible Purchases using an eligible mobile wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay), within 90 days of Account approval (travel value at ExpediaForTD of $125).
Γ Effective as of January 7, 2025 Promotional Offer includes a Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus, Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer and Annual Fee Rebate Offer (described below and collectively the "Offer"): is only available to a new TD Business Travel Visa* Card Account with an Annual Fee of $149 ("Account") and is only provided to the Cardholder who is the individual who requested the Account as indicated in our records (the "Individual Borrower"). The new TD Business Travel Visa* Card Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while the offer is in effect. 
Welcome Bonus of 30,000 TD Rewards Points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower of the Account only after the first Purchase is made on the Account, provided that such Purchase is made within 90 days of Account approval. The “Cardholder” means the Individual Borrower of the Account who is issued the TD Business Travel Visa* Card account with an Annual Fee of $149. Please allow 8 - 12  weeks for your Welcome Bonus Points to be awarded. 

To qualify for a monthly bonus of 10,000 TD Rewards Points ("Monthly Bonus") in the first 12 months after Account approval (up to a total maximum of 120,000 Monthly Bonus Points), the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower must have at least $2,500 in net Purchases posted to their Account each month by the last day of each monthly billing period. Once you have earned 120,000 Monthly Bonus Points in the first 12 months following Account approval, you will no longer be eligible for additional Monthly Bonus Points. Purchases made during a billing period but posted after the end of that billing period will not count toward eligible Purchases for that month and count toward eligible Purchases for the next billing period. For example, if your monthly billing period is from January 15 to February 14, a Purchase that is made on February 14 (transaction date) and posts on February 15 (posting date) will not count as an eligible Purchase for that month and will count towards spend in the next month's billing period. If the January 15 to February 14 period was your 12th monthly billing period, then the Purchase that was made on February 14 and posted on February 15 would not count toward this Offer.
To qualify for 25,000 bonus TD Rewards points ("Mobile Wallet Bonus"), the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower must make at least $250 in eligible Purchases on their Account using an eligible mobile wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay), within 90 days of Account approval and opening.  The eligible Purchases must not be subsequently rescinded, be subject of a chargeback request or otherwise disputed and the Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect.
The Annual Fee rebate portion of this Offer ("Annual Fee Rebate Offer") is available only for the first year after Account approval, for the (i) Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower, and the (ii) first two Additional Cards issued for the same Business Borrower if any. The rebate of the $149 Annual Fee for the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower and the rebate of the $49 Annual Fee for the first two Additional Cards issued for the same business, if any, is for the first year only. Effective as of January 7, 2025. Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. To receive the first-year annual fee rebates for Additional Cardholders ("Additional Cardholder Annual Fee Rebate"), you must add your Additional Cardholders to your Account while the offer is in effect.  The Annual Fee for any subsequent years and the Additional Card Annual Fee for more than two Additional Cards issued to the same Business Borrower will continue to apply. The Annual Fee will be rebated within two monthly statements from the date of the charge, provided that the TD Business Travel Visa* Card is open and in good standing at that time. Closing the TD Business Travel Visa* Card Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of the Annual Fee rebate.  The full Annual Fee will be charged for the Account and the Additional Cardholders (if applicable), after the first year.

The Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This Offer is not transferable. If you have opened an Account in the last 12 months, you will not be eligible for this Offer. We reserve the right to limit the number of $149 Accounts opened by one person, and the number of Welcome Bonus points, the Monthly Bonus points and the Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer awarded to any one business. Offers may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise specified. We reserve the right to amend the offer on your Account to reflect the current offer available at the time of your TD Credit Card activation if your Card has not been approved while this offer is in effect. Your Account must be open, active and in Good Standing at the time the Welcome Bonus points, Monthly Bonus points and the Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer are awarded. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the conditions for each element of the Offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus points, the Monthly Bonus points, and the Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer to be credited to the TD Business Travel Visa* Card Account associated with the Primary Business Cardholder, as designated by the Business. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded and forfeiture of the Annual Fee rebate.
1  The business and business owners are jointly and severally liable for all charges made to each TD Business Card Account. "Primary Business Cardholder" means the individual who is issued the TD Business Travel Visa* Card with an annual fee of $149. 

{\rtf1}