Interest rates, fees and features are effective as of January 7, 2025, unless otherwise indicated, and are subject to change.

To qualify for this offer, applications for a new TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Card Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. Offer effective as of January 7, 2025. 
The Aeroplan program is a loyalty rewards and recognition program operated by Air Canada’s subsidiary Aeroplan Inc. Visit Air Canada for complete terms and conditions of the Aeroplan program.
μ Offer Effective as of January 7, 2025. The value up to $1,540 could be earned in the first year of Account is based on the combined total value of:
•	$140: Free first checked bags for two people, on a round-trip flight in the first year
•	$100: The Account will receive a statement credit up to a maximum of $100 CAD for the amount posted to the Account for a NEXUS application fee regardless of NEXUS application approval. Limitations apply, please see TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Cardholder Agreement and Benefit Coverages Guide for details. 16
•	$100: Maple Leaf Lounge One-Time Guest Passes in North America ($100 based on up to four passes at $25 each for each $10,000 in eligible spend).
•	$1200: 60,000 Aeroplan Points earned based on the following requirements:
o	Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan Points earned when a Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower makes their first purchase with the card within 90 days of account approval.
o	Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer up to 5,000 Aeroplan Points earned when a Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower makes at least $250 in eligible purchases using an eligible mobile wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay), within 90 days of account approval.
o	Monthly Bonus Offer of 3,750 Aeroplan Points per month ("Monthly Bonus") (up to a total maximum of 45,000 Aeroplan Points) earned when a Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower spends at least $2,500 in net purchases each month during the first 12 months after Account approval. To qualify for the Monthly Bonus, must have at least $2,500 in net purchases posted to your Account each month by the last day of each monthly billing period.
Value is based on the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of $0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of Sept 30, 2024. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of Nov 8, 2020 – Sept 30, 2024.
Value is based on the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of $0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of Nov 1, 2023. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of May 1, 2023 – May 31, 2024.
Aeroplan points have no cash value but are redeemable under the Aeroplan program for flights and other rewards. The retail value of rewards obtained using Aeroplan points will vary depending on a range of factors including the type of reward issued, details of which may be found at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan.html. Aeroplan points may be redeemed only in accordance with the General Terms & Conditions of the Aeroplan program. Full terms and conditions of the Aeroplan Program are available online at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan/legal/terms-and-conditions.html. All offers are contingent on satisfying the criteria outlined in the offer terms and conditions.
Γ Effective as of January 7, 2025. Promotional Offer includes a Welcome Bonus, Monthly Bonus and Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer (described below and collectively the "Offer"): is only available to a new TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Card Account with an Annual Fee of $149 ("Account"), and is only provided to the Cardholder who is the individual who requested the Account as indicated in our records (the "Individual Borrower").   The new TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Card Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect. 
Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower of the Account only after the first Purchase is made on the Account, provided that such Purchase is made within 90 days of Account approval. The “Cardholder” means the Individual Borrower of the Account who is issued the TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Card account with an Annual Fee of $149. Please allow 8 - 12   weeks for your Welcome Bonus Points to be awarded. 
To qualify for a monthly bonus of 3,750 Aeroplan points ("Monthly Bonus") in the first 12 months after Account approval (up to a total maximum of 45,000 Monthly Bonus Points), the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower must have at least $2,500 in net Purchases posted to their Account each month by the last day of each monthly billing period. Once you have earned 45,000 Monthly Bonus points in the first 12 months following Account approval, you will no longer be eligible for additional Monthly Bonus points. Purchases made during a billing period but posted after the end of that billing period will not count toward eligible Purchases for that month and count towards eligible Purchases for the next billing period. For example, if your monthly billing period is from January 15 to February 14, a Purchase that is made on February 14 (transaction date) and posts on February 15 (posting date) will not count as an eligible Purchase for that month and will count towards spend in the next month's billing period. If the January 15 to February 14 period was your 12th monthly billing period, then the Purchase that was made on February 14 and posted on February 15 would not count toward this Offer.
To qualify for 5,000 bonus Aeroplan points ("Mobile Wallet Bonus"), the Cardholder who is the Individual Borrower must make at least $250 in eligible Purchases on their Account using an eligible mobile wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay), within 90 days of Account approval and opening.  The eligible Purchases must not be subsequently rescinded, be subject of a chargeback request or otherwise disputed and the Account must be approved, open and in Good Standing while this offer is in effect.
The Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This Offer is not transferable. You may not be eligible for this offer or to receive any of the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus or Anniversary Bonus, even if TD approves your application for an Account, if you have: (i) opened an Account in the last 12 months; or (ii) previously received Aeroplan points (e.g., welcome bonus points) in connection with opening a new Aeroplan credit card account of the same card category type as the Account from TD or any other issuer of an Aeroplan credit card as further described in and subject to the Aeroplan Program Terms and Conditions located at aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions.  We reserve the right to amend the offer on your Account to reflect the current offer available at the time of your TD Credit Card activation if your Card has not been approved while this offer is in effect. Your Account must be open, active and in Good Standing at the time the Welcome Bonus points, Monthly Bonus Points and the Mobile Wallet Bonus Offer Points are awarded. Please allow 8-12 weeks after the conditions for each element of the Offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus Points, the Monthly Bonus Points, and the Mobile Wallet Bonus Points to be credited to the TD® Aeroplan® Visa* Business Card Account associated with the Primary Business Cardholder, as designated by the Business. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any Bonus Points not yet awarded and forfeiture of the Annual Fee rebate.





