^^ Limited Time Offer: Applies to MBNA® Mastercard® Accounts, MBNA® Gold Mastercard® Accounts, MBNA Platinum Plus® Mastercard® Accounts, MBNA True Line® Mastercard® Accounts, MBNA True Line® Gold Mastercard® Accounts and MBNA True Line® Platinum Plus® Mastercard® Accounts (the Account). Offer starts April 03, 2025, and ends July 03, 2025 (the Offer Period). The Offer is intended for the primary cardholder of an Account who is the recipient of this email (the Qualifying Cardholder). All Eligible Purchases made during the Offer Period will qualify for the Offer if they were made by the Qualified Cardholder prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. The Offer applies to the Eligible Purchases charged and posted to the Account during the Offer Period until a maximum total collective spend of $3,000 of such Eligible Purchases has been made during the Offer Period (the Offer Spend Cap). Eligible Purchases means Grocery Purchases charged and posted to the Account from a merchant that is coded with a Merchant Category Code ("MCC") of 5411 (Grocery Stores, Supermarkets), 5422 (Freezer and Locker Meat Provisioners), 5441 (Candy, Nut Confectionary Stores), 5451 (Dairy Product Stores), 5462 (Bakeries) and 5499 (Misc. Food Stores – Convenience Stores, Markets, Specialty Stores, Vending). The Account will earn 3% on Eligible Purchases that are charged and posted to the Account during the Offer Period until $3,000 in such Eligible Purchases have been made, with such earnings to be applied as a statement credit to the Account (the Bonus Statement Credit). For greater certainty, "cash back" refers to the Bonus Statement Credit and the maximum Bonus Statement Credit available under this Offer is equivalent to $90. Please allow up to 6 weeks after the Offer Period for the Bonus Statement Credit to be applied to the Account. The Account must be open, active and in good standing to receive the Bonus Statement Credit. Any returned items, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits will reduce or cancel the Bonus Statement Credit earned on the original Eligible Purchase. MCCs are determined by the merchant and Mastercard and such MCCs may be changed from time to time. We do not monitor or determine whether merchants correctly identify and bill Transactions according to the MCC. We reserve the right to determine whether purchases qualify for the Bonus Statement Credit. This Offer will be in addition to any other offers available for your Account. This Offer may be changed, withdrawn, or extended at any time. Merchants are not responsible for this Offer or the Bonus Statement Credit. No enrollment is required for this offer.