TD Cash Back Visa* Card Offer Terms & Conditions
Annual interest rates, fees and features are current as of July 16, 2024 unless otherwise indicated and subject to change.
1 Special Limited Time Offer. This Offer starts on July 16, 2024 and ends September 26, 2024 (the "Offer Period") and is only available to those who receive this offer directly from TD during the Offer Period, and those New to Canada Primary Cardholders of a new TD Cash Back Visa* Card ("Account"). Account must be opened by September 26, 2024. Offer consists of two parts that New to Canada customers may qualify for separately: a Mobile Purchase Bonus and a Cash Back Bonus
1) Mobile Purchase Bonus: Earn $10 in Cash Back Dollars when you add your new TD Cash Back Visa* Card (opened during the Offer Period) to your mobile wallet and make a mobile Purchase within the first 5 months. Eligible Purchases for the Mobile Purchase Bonus: Purchases must be charged to the Account at any merchant that accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay during the Offer Period. Purchases made using any other method of payment will not qualify.
2) Cash Back Bonus: Earn $25 in Cash Back Dollars for every statement cycle when you spend $500 or more on your TD Cash Back Visa* Card for the first 5 months, up to a maximum of $125 in Cash Back Dollars. The total earned bonus will be a one-time payout. 
Purchases made during a statement cycle but posted after the end of that statement cycle will not count towards eligible Purchases for that month and count towards eligible Purchases for the next statement cycle. For example, if your monthly statement cycle is from August 15 to September 14, a Purchase made on September 14 (transaction date) and posts on September 15 (posting date) will not count for eligible Purchase for that month and will count towards spend in the next month's statement cycle. If the August 15 to September 14 period was your 5th monthly statement cycle, then the Purchase that was made on September 14 and posted on September 15 would not count towards this Offer.
To earn up to $135 in Cash Back Dollars to the TD Cash Back Visa* Card, you must keep your Account open, active and in good standing during the Offer Period and at the time the Cash Back Dollars are applied to your Account. Offer may be changed, withdrawn (excluding Quebec) or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. Please allow 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Cash Back Dollars to be credited to your TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account. This offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account in the last 12 months or transferred their existing TD Credit Card into a TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account, or closed a TD Credit Card within the last 12 months. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by and the number of Cash Back Dollars awarded to any one person. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any Cash Back Dollars not yet awarded.
The up to $135 Cash Back Dollar offer is available to New to Canada customers, who:
1)	Are at the age of majority at time of account opening in your province or territory of residence; and
2)	Must be a Permanent Resident of Canada for 5 years or less, or International Student of Canada; and
3)	Does not have an existing TD Credit Card Account  

See your Disclosure Statement and Cardholder Agreement for more details on annual interest rates, including how we charge interest and apply payments to Purchases.
Quebec Only
Primary Cardholder remains liable for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. Maximum of 3 Additional Cardholders on the Account.
(i) Annual Fees: To be charged on the first statement after your first use of the Card, and annually thereafter in the same month.
(ii) Billing Cycle/ Statement period: Can start on any calendar day of the month and can vary in length, although it lasts approximately one month.
(iii) Grace Period: You will benefit from an interest-free grace period of at least 21 days on Purchases if we receive payment in full on the Balance on your current statement by the Payment Due Date. There is no interest-free grace period on Cash Advances (including Balance Transfers, Cash-Like Transactions and TD Visa Cheques).
(iv) Minimum Payment: Your minimum payment is the greater of 5% of your New Balance or $10, plus all past due amounts and any amount that exceeds your credit limit. If the New Balance is less than $10, then the minimum payment is equal to the New Balance.
(v) Example of Interest Charges

Examples of Interest Charges for a 30-Day Billing Cycle
Annual Interest Rate	Average Daily Balance
	$100	$200	$1,000
Purchases	20.99%	$1.73	$3.45	$17.25
Cash Advances	20.99%	$1.73	$3.45	$17.25
Purchases - Default Rate	25.99%	$2.14	$4.27	$21.36
Cash Advances - Default Rate	27.99%	$2.30	$4.60	$23.01

2 Account must be open and in Good Standing to earn and redeem Cash Back Dollars. Redemptions of Cash Back Dollars at any time on request must be for a minimum amount of $25. Where Cash Back Dollars are redeemed on an annual basis, the annual earnings period will start from when the Card is used to make Purchases until the Account’s January billing cycle of the following year, after which time the annual earnings period will continue each year from the Account’s January billing cycle to the January billing cycle of the following year. Cash Back Dollars will continue to accrue until redemption instructions are provided. There is no maximum annual amount of Cash Back Dollars that can be earned. For complete details on how to redeem Cash Back Dollars, please see the “TD Cash Back Program Terms and Conditions” section of the TD Cash Back Visa Cardholder Agreement available at www.tdcanadatrust.com/products-services/banking/credit-cards/agreements.jsp.

The Toronto-Dominion Bank is the issuer of the TD Cash Back Visa* Card.
* Trademark of Visa International Service Association; Used under license.
Visa* is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association, used under license.
® The TD logo and other trademarks are the property of The Toronto-Dominion Bank or its subsidiaries.
