Cash Back Infinite – no change from F'24 Q2 Campaign 
Earn up to $500 in value^, including 10% in Cash Back Dollars in the first 3 months on Bonus Eligible Purchases up to a total spend of $3,5001 + Annual Fee Rebate (PCH + 1st ACH) 

1Limited Time Promotional offer ("Offer”): This Offer starts on November 18th, 2024 and ends on January 6th, 2025 ("Offer Period") and is only available to those Cardholders of TD Cash Back Visa Infinite* Card who have an account that is open, active and in Good Standing during the Offer Period ("Account"). In the first 3 months of Account opening (the "First 3 Months"), and on eligible Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments ("Bonus Eligible Purchases"), you will earn:
●	6% in Cash Back Dollars ("Welcome Bonus Rebate"); and 
●	an additional 4% in Cash Back Dollars (the "Limited Time Bonus Rebate") 

until a total collective spend of $3,500 on Bonus Eligible Purchases have been made (the "Bonus Spend Cap"). For greater certainty: (a) you will earn a cumulative 10% in Cash Back Dollars upon Bonus Eligible Purchases charged to your Account in the First 3 Months until a total collective spend of $3,500 on Bonus Eligible Purchases have been made, and (b) during the First 3 Months, the Limited Time Bonus Rebate and Welcome Bonus Rebate are in place of, and not in addition to, the Gas Earn Rate, Grocery Earn Rate, and PAP Earn Rate that are set out in the TD Cash Back Program Terms And Conditions. "Pre-Authorized Payments" are recurring bill payments set up on your Account that are classified through the Visa network as "recurring payments".  You must confirm with your merchant if they can accept Pre-Authorized Payments.

Once the Bonus Spend Cap of $3,500 is reached, any further Bonus Eligible Purchases made in the First 3 Months will earn the regular accelerated 3% in Cash Back Dollars that applies to each of Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments ("Accelerated Rebate") as set out in the TD Cash Back Program Terms And Conditions (the "Rewards Terms") All other Purchases will earn 1% in Cash Back Dollars as set out in the Rewards Terms. Any returned items, refunds, rebates or other similar credits on any Purchases or Pre-Authorized Payment made will reduce or cancel the Cash Back Dollars earned on the original Purchase or Pre-Authorized Payment, as applicable.

$15,000 Cap on each of Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments: After the First 3 Months, the Accelerated Rebate will apply to all Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments charged to your Account up to a $15,000 maximum net annual spend ("$15,000 Cap") for each of Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments. After the $15,000 Cap is reached annually in a Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases or Pre-Authorized Payments category, all additional spend in the corresponding category will earn Cash Back Dollars at the standard rebate of 1% that applies to all other Purchases on the Account as set out in the Rewards Terms.

First Year Reduction of $15,000 Cap: During the first year that the Account is open, the $15,000 Cap for each of Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments will be reduced by the actual corresponding amount of Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments made in the First 3 Months. For example, if you spend $2,000 in Gas Purchases in the First 3 Months, the $15,000 Cap for Gas Purchases will be reduced by $2,000 to $13,000 for the remaining 9 months of the first year the Account is open.

Merchant Category Codes: To earn the Welcome Bonus Rebate and Limited Time Bonus Rebate on Gas Purchases and Grocery Purchases, the Gas Purchase or Grocery Purchase must be made at merchants classified through the Visa network with a Merchant Category Code ("MCC") that identifies them in the "gas" or "grocery" category. Some merchants may sell gas or gas station services or products, or groceries or grocery items, or have separate merchants located on their premises that also sell gas or gas station services or products, or groceries or grocery items, but may not be classified with a gas or grocery MCC and such Purchases will not earn the Welcome Bonus Rebate. If you have questions about the MCC that applies to a Purchase, contact TD at 1-800-983-8472.

Other Conditions: Rebate of the Annual Fee is only for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and the first Additional Cardholder added to the Account. To receive the first-year Annual Fee rebate, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the first Additional Cardholder Annual Fee Rebate you must add your first Additional Cardholder by January 7th, 2025. Rebate will be applied within 2 monthly statements from the date of the statement with the first Annual Fee charge. The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. Welcome Bonus Rebate and Limited Time Bonus Rebate may be changed, withdrawn (excluding Quebec), or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This Offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD Cash Back Visa Infinite Account in the last 12 months. Your Account must be in Good Standing at the time the Cash Back Dollars are awarded.

^ Offer ends January 6th, 2025. The value of up to $500 could be earned in the first year of Account opening and is based on the combined value of:
•	$189: Annual Fee Rebate for the Primary Cardholder ($139) and first Additional Cardholder ($50) for the first year;
•	$350: Earn a cumulative 10% in Cash Back Dollars on eligible Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments in the first three months of account opening until $3,500 in such purchases have been made, based on the following breakdown:
o	$210: ("Welcome Bonus Rebate") of 6% Cash Back Dollars on eligible Gas Purchases, Grocery Purchases and Pre-Authorized Payments ("Bonus Eligible Purchases") charged to your Account.
o	$140: ("Limited Time Bonus Rebate") of an additional 4% Cash Back Dollars on Bonus Eligible Purchases charged to your Account. 
First Class Travel – Updates to Number of Points 
Earn up to $1,014 in value^, including up to 135,000 TD Rewards Points and no Annual Fee (PCH +1st ACH) for the first year.1

1Limited time promotional offer ("Points Offer"): This Points Offer starts on November 18th, 2024 and ends on January 6th, 2025 ("Offer Period") and is only available to those Cardholders of TD First Class Travel® Visa Infinite* Card who have an account that is open, active and in Good Standing during the Offer Period ("Account"). When you make your first Purchase on the Account, a welcome bonus of 20,000 TD Rewards Points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Account. To receive an additional 115,000 TD Rewards Points ("Additional Bonus"), you must make $5,000 in Purchases on your Account, including your first Purchase, within 180 days of Account opening. Rebate of the Annual Fee is only for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and the first Additional Cardholder added to the Account ("Annual Fee Rebate"). To receive the first-year Annual Fee Rebate for the Primary Cardholder, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the first Additional Cardholder Annual Fee Rebate, you must add your first Additional Cardholder by January 7th, 2025. Annual Fee Rebates will be applied within 2 monthly statements from the date of the statement with the first Annual Fee charge. The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. Points Offer may be changed, withdrawn (excluding Quebec), or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. This Points Offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD First Class Travel® Visa Infinite* Account in the last 12 months. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by and the number of TD Rewards Points awarded to any one person.

^Offer ends January 6th, 2025. The value of up to $1,014 could be earned in the first year of Account opening and is based on the combined value of:
●	$189: Annual Fee Rebate for the Primary ($139) and first Additional Cardholder ($50) for the first year;
●	$100: TD Travel Credit on your first Eligible Travel Credit Purchase of $500 or more made through Expedia For TD;
●	$50: TD Rewards Birthday Bonus equal to 10% of the number of TD Rewards Points earned while using the TD First Class Travel Visa Infinite* card over the 12 months preceding the Primary Cardholder’s birthday, up to a maximum of 10,000 TD Rewards Points (travel value at Expedia For TD of up to $50). Previously earned points on other rewards Cards, acquisition bonus points, or other promotional rewards points earned do not count towards your Birthday Bonus;
●	$675: 135,000 TD Rewards Points earned based on the following requirements:
o	Welcome Bonus of 20,000 TD Rewards Points earned when you make your first Purchase with your Card (travel value at Expedia For TD of $100);
o	Additional Bonus of 115,000 TD Rewards Points earned when you spend $5,000 within 180 days of Account opening (travel value at Expedia For TD of $575);

Every 200 TD Rewards Points redeemed through Expedia For TD are worth $1 in travel savings. 

