Limited Time Offer: This Offer starts on November 1, 2024 and ends April 30, 2025 (the "Offer Period") and is only available to those student cardholders of a new TD Cash Back Visa* Card ("Account"). Account must be opened by April 30, 2025. Offer consists of two parts that students may qualify for separately: a Mobile Purchase Bonus and a Cash Back Bonus.
1) Mobile Purchase Bonus: Earn $10 Cash Back Dollars when you add your new TD Cash Back Visa* Card (opened during the offer period) to your mobile wallet and make a mobile purchase within the first 5 months. Eligible Purchases for the Mobile Purchase Bonus: Purchases must be charged to the Account at any merchant that accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, or Samsung Pay during the Offer Period. Purchases made using any other method of payment will not qualify.
2) Cash Back Bonus: Earn $10 Cash Back Dollars for every statement cycle when you spend $200 or more on your TD Cash Back Visa for the first 5 months, up to a maximum of $50 Cash Back Dollars. The total earned bonus will be a one-time payout. 
Purchases made during a statement cycle but posted after the end of that statement cycle will not count towards eligible Purchases for that month and count towards eligible Purchases for the next statement cycle. For example, if your monthly statement cycle is from November 15 to December 14, a Purchase made on December 14 (Transaction date) and posts on December 15 (posting date) will not count for eligible Purchase for that month and will count towards spend in the next month's statement cycle. If the November 15 to December 14 period was your 6th monthly statement cycle, then the Purchase that was made on December 14 and posted on December 15 would not count towards this Offer.
To earn the up to $60 Cash Back Dollar to the TD Cash Back Visa* Card, you must keep your Account open, active and in good standing during the Offer Period and at the time the Cash Back Dollars are applied to your Account.  Offer may be changed, withdrawn (excluding Quebec) or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. Your Account must be in Good Standing at the time the Cash Back Dollars are awarded. Please allow 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Cash Back Dollars to be credited to your TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account. This offer is not available to customers who have activated and/or closed a TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account in the last 12 months. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by and the number of Cash Back Dollars awarded to any one person. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any Cash Back Dollars not yet awarded.
Student Offer Eligibility will be allocated to those who apply for the TD Cash Back Visa* Card with Student as their Occupation. The Up to $60 Cash Back Dollar offer is available to full-time post-secondary students enrolled in an accredited university or college in Canada or elsewhere, who are Canadian residents that do not have an existing TD Credit Card Account.  
This offer is not available to customers who transfer their existing TD Credit Card into a TD Cash Back Visa* Card Account, or customers who have closed a TD Credit Card within the last 12 months. 
