Annual interest rates, fees and features are effective as of April 10, 2024, unless otherwise indicated, and are subject
to change.
1 Applies to new TD Low Rate Visa* Card Accounts (“Account”) only. This offer is based on information available within
two months preceding the date of this letter. We reserve the right at any time, without notice, to withdraw or reduce the
credit limit if adverse credit information is obtained. Must accept pre-approved offer by June 3, 2024. We reserve the right
to limit the number of Accounts opened by any one person. Other conditions may apply. This offer may be changed,
extended or withdrawn at any time without notice and cannot be combined with any other offer.
2 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PROMOTIONAL ANNUAL INTEREST RATE OFFER: The promotional annual
interest rate of 8.99% (“Promotional Rate”) only applies to Purchases made with the new TD Low Rate Visa* Card accounts
(“Account”) during the first 6 statement periods following the Account opening (“Promotional Rate Period”). To obtain the
Promotional Rate, Account must be approved by June 3, 2024 and must continue to be open, active and in Good Standing
during the Promotional Rate Period. This Promotional Rate of 8.99% is not available to customers who have made a Product
Transfer to the TD Low Rate Visa* Card and customers who have opened and/or closed a TD Low Rate Card Visa* Account
in the last 12 months. The Promotional Rate does not apply to any Cash Advances (inclusive of Cash-Like Transactions) or
Balance Transfers.
At the end of the Promotional Rate Period, the annual interest rate for Purchases will increase, and the remaining balance of
the Purchase Transactions will become subject to the annual interest rate of 12.90%. The interest rate increase will happen
on the first day of the first statement period that occurs after the expiry of the Promotional Rate Period.
If we do not receive the full minimum payment by the Payment Due Date shown on your statement, or before the date
on which we prepare your next monthly statement (the “New Statement Date”) then you will lose the benefit of the
Promotional Rate and your annual interest rate for Purchases will increase to 12.90%.
In addition to failing to pay your minimum payments on time as described in these terms and conditions, if you transfer
your Account to a different TD Credit Card during the Promotional Rate Period, the Promotional Rate will no longer apply to
the TD Credit Card to which you are transferring.
See your Disclosure Statement and Cardholder Agreement for more details on annual interest rates, including how we
charge interest and apply payments to Purchases.
3 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PROMOTIONAL BALANCE TRANSFER OFFER: Balance Transfers are
processed as Cash Advances to your TD Credit Card Account (“Account”). This means interest is charged on the amount
of the Balance Transfer from the transaction date, as appears on your statement, until it is paid in full.
The promotional balance transfer interest rate applies to the amount of any Balance Transfers made during the offer
period from the transaction date of the Balance Transfer for the number of months stated in your offer (“Your Number
of Months”). At the end of Your Number of Months, the balance transfer interest rate will increase and any unpaid
amount of the Balance Transfer will become subject to the Cash Advance interest rate of 12.90%.
If we do not receive the full minimum payment by the Payment Due Date shown on your statement, or before the date
on which we prepare your next monthly statement (the “New Statement Date”) then you will lose the benefit of the
promotional Balance Transfer offer and the balance transfer rate will increase to your Cash Advance rate of 12.90%.
If you pay more than the Minimum Payment, we will apply the excess amount paid to each different rate category in your
remaining Balance on your Account, in the proportion that the amount in each rate category represents to that Balance.
See your Cardholder Agreement for more details on how we apply payments to Cash Advances, including when different
interest rates apply to your Account.
A Promotional Balance Transfer Fee (which is a percentage of the amount of each Balance Transfer) will be charged on
the day that the promotional Balance Transfer is posted to your Account. The percentage amount of the Promotional
Balance Transfer Fee is stated in your offer.
Balance Transfers are processed in the order we receive them and will not be processed if the amount exceeds the
available credit on your Account or if your Account is not in good standing. Please allow 5 to 7 business days to process
a Balance Transfer. A Balance Transfer cannot be used for repayment of any TD Canada Trust credit account. Each
Balance Transfer must be at least $250. Other conditions apply.
See your Disclosure Statement and Cardholder Agreement for more details on Cash Advances, including how we
charge interest and apply payments to Cash Advances.
4 Underwritten by TD Home and Auto Insurance Company. To be eligible for this coverage, the item must be paid for in full
using your TD Credit Card. Benefits, features and coverages are subject to conditions, limitations and exclusions that are
fully described in the Certificate of Insurance included with your TD Credit Cardholder Agreement.
5 Primary Cardholder remains liable for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder.
Maximum of 3 Additional Cardholder Cards on the Account.