Aeroplan Infinite Unique Air Canada Booking Path Offers (Targeted - NEW)
Aeroplan Infinite Public Site Copy
Offer Element	ROC Condition	QC Condition
10,000 points	First purchase
15,000 points	$7,500 spend F6M (all purchases)

25,000 points	$12,000 spend F12M (all purchases)	$12,000 spend F12M (all purchases)
$200 Statement Credit	$200 AC Purchase within F6M	$200 Purchase (no category/type) within F6M

Terms & Conditions
Interest rates, fees and features are effective as of September 4, 2024, unless otherwise indicated and are subject to change.
1 Account must be approved by January 6, 2025. Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Aeroplan Member account associated with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card Account (“Account”) only after the first eligible Purchase is made on the Account. To receive the additional bonus 15,000 Aeroplan points ("Additional Bonus"), you must make $7,500 in net Purchases (including your first Purchase, less any returns and credits) on your Account,  within 180 days of Account opening. To receive the one-time 25,000 Aeroplan points Anniversary bonus ("Anniversary Bonus") your Account must have been opened and active for 12 months and you must make $12,000 in net Purchases (including your first Purchase, less any returns and credits) on your Account, within 365 days of Account opening. Rebate of the Annual Fee is for the first year for the Primary Cardholder and up to 3 Additional Cardholders added to the Account. To receive the first-year annual fee rebate for the Primary Cardholder ("Primary Cardholder Annual Fee Rebate"), you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening. To receive the Additional Cardholder first -year annual fee rebates for Additional Cardholders ("Additional Cardholder Annual Fee Rebate"), you must add your Additional Cardholder(s) to your Account by January 6, 2025. The applicable Annual Fee Rebates will be applied within 2 monthly statements from the date of the statement with the first Annual Fee charge.  
The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. If you have opened an Account in the last 12 months, you will not be eligible for this offer. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by one person, the number of Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points, Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points and Statement Credits awarded to any one person or Account. Offers may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise specified. Your Account must be open and in good standing at the time the Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points, Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points and Statement Credit are awarded. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points and Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points to be credited to your Aeroplan Member account.  Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded.  Aeroplan terms and conditions also apply to this offer, please visit: aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions.
