Aeroplan Infinite Privilege Unique Air Canada Booking Path Offers (Apply/Buy) (Offer A)
Aeroplan Infinite Privilege Public Site Copy
Offer Element	ROC Condition	QC Condition
20,000 points	First purchase
3040,000 points	$102,000 spend F6M (all purchases)

3030,000 points	$2415,000 spend F12M (all purchases)	$2415,000 spend F12M (all purchases)
$200 Statement Credit	$200 AC Purchase within F6M	$200 Purchase (no category/type) within F6M

Terms & Conditions
Interest rates, fees and features are effective as of January 4, September 4, 2024, unless otherwise indicated and are subject to change.
1 Account must be approved by March 4January 6,, 20254. Welcome Bonus of 20,000 Aeroplan points ("Welcome Bonus") will be awarded to the Aeroplan Member account associated with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Privilege* Card Account (“Account”) only after the first eligible Purchase is made on the Account. To receive the additional bonus 3030,000 Aeroplan points ("Additional Bonus"), you must make $102,000 in net Purchases (including your first Purchase, less any returns and credits) on your Account,  within 180 days of Account opening. To receive the one-time 3025,000 Aeroplan points Anniversary bonus ("Anniversary Bonus") your Account must have been opened and active for 12 months and you must make $1524,000 in net Purchases (including your first Purchase, less any returns and credits) on your Account, within 365 days of Account opening. For Residents outside of Quebec: To qualify for the $200 Statement Credit ("Statement Credit"), an eligible Air Canada purchase of at least $200 total must be charged to your Card and posted to your Account within the first 6 months of Account opening. Eligible purchases for the $200 Statement Credit offer are those made directly from Air Canada for products and services that are i) completed online at aircanada.com, ii) completed in-person at an Air Canada customer service counter at the airport and iii) Air Canada Vacations packages. Air Canada must be identified as the merchant of record, and only purchases from a merchant coded with Merchant Category Code (MCC) 3009 (excluding purchases made through 3rd party travel agencies) will be eligible for the $200 Statement Credit. Here are some examples that do not qualify for the Statement Credit offer: i) if the purchase for an Air Canada product is not made directly with Air Canada, such as if you make a purchase through a third-party or non-direct travel agent; or ii) if you make a purchase for non-Air Canada products from aircanada.com, such as a car rental, a hotel booking, or any other product or services from a third-party partner. Eligible purchases do not include fees, gift cards, cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest charges, optional services, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits.  The Statement Credit will be applied to the Account within 90 days from date of purchase. The applicable Statement Credit is an Account statement credit, not a price reduction applicable when making an eligible purchase. A maximum of one Statement Credit of $200 can be earned per Account.  For Quebec Residents only: To qualify for the $200 statement credit ("Statement Credit"), an eligible purchase of at least $200 must be charged to your Card and posted to your Account within the first 6 months of Account opening and not be subsequently rescinded, the subject of a charge back request or otherwise disputed. Eligible purchases do not include fees, gift cards, cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest charges, optional services, refunds, rebates, or other similar credits.  The applicable Statement Credit is an Account statement credit, not a price reduction applicable when making an eligible purchase. A maximum of one Statement Credit of $200 can be earned per Account. The statement credit will be applied to the Account within 90 days from date of purchase. For all Accounts: The Primary Cardholder is responsible for all charges to the Account, including those made by any Additional Cardholder. If you have opened an Account in the last 12 months, you will not be eligible for this offer. We reserve the right to limit the number of Accounts opened by one person, the number of Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points, Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points and Statement Credits awarded to any one person or Account. Offers may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise specified. Your Account must be open and in good standing at the time the Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points, Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points and Statement Credit are awarded. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the conditions for each offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus Aeroplan points, Additional Bonus Aeroplan points and Anniversary Bonus Aeroplan points to be credited to your Aeroplan Member account. Closing your Account or transferring to another TD Credit Card may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded.  Aeroplan terms and conditions also apply to this offer, please visit: aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions.
