TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card
Special Offer
Earn up to $1,300 in value^ including up to 40,000 Aeroplan points1 and no annual fee for the first year1. Conditions Apply.
See product details below
Annual Fee
$139
Interest: Purchases
20.99%
Interest: Cash Advance
22.99%
Additional Cardholder2
$75
Get an annual fee rebate every year with a TD All-Inclusive Banking Plan
 Apply now
Eligibility Requirements:
$60,000 annual personal income or $100,000 annual household income.
You are a Canadian resident and are of the age of majority in your province/territory of residence.
Don't meet the income requirement? Choose the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Platinum* Card instead.
Special Offer
Earn up to $1,300 in value^, including up to 40,000 Aeroplan points1 , no annual fee for the first year1 and additional travel benefits. Offer effective as of January 7, 2025.
Earn a welcome bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your new Card1

Earn 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening1

Plus, earn a one-time anniversary bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 12 months of Account opening1

Apply for the Nexus Program and once every 48 months get a partial application fee rebate4

Plus, share free first checked bags with up to 8 travel companions3

Get an annual fee rebate for the first year1

To receive the first-year annual fee rebate, you must activate your Card and make your first Purchase on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening and you must add your Additional Cardholders while this offer is in effect.
Starbucks Bonus Offer for New Linked Membersx: Link your TD Aeroplan Visa Infinite to earn 600 Starbucks Stars and redeem them for free Starbucks treats. Limited time only. Conditions and restrictions apply.
Earn Points. Share the Journey.
Start earning Aeroplan points that you can share with loved ones on all your Purchases made with the TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite* Card.
Up to 8 family members can share points together. Share your Aeroplan points family with Aeroplan Family Sharing.
Your Card also allows you to enjoy:
Travelling lightly through the airport and saving on baggage fees3. Primary Cardholders, Additional Cardholders, and travel companions (up to eight) travelling on the same reservation will all enjoy their first checked bag free (up to 23kg/50lb) when your travel originates on an Air Canada flight.
Enroll for NEXUS and once every 48 months get an application fee rebate (up to $100 CAD)4. Additional Cardholders can also take advantage of this NEXUS fee rebate.
Your Aeroplan points will not expire as long as you are a TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Primary Cardholder in good standing27.
All Additional Cardholders must link their Aeroplan number in order to receive access to eligible Air Canada travel benefits 7.

Award winning TD Credit Card
It’s easy to earn Aeroplan points
slide 1 of 3
Earn 1.5 points5
for every $1 spent on eligible gas, grocery and direct through Air Canada® purchases (including Air Canada Vacations®) made with your card.
Earn 1 point5
for every $1 spent on all other Purchases made with your Card
Earn points twice6
Earn points twice when you pay with your Card and provide your Aeroplan number at over 150 Aeroplan partner brands and at 200+ online retailers via the Aeroplan eStore
Redeem your Aeroplan points for travel and so much more

Every seat, every flight, no restrictions
Every Air Canada seat available to buy for cash is also available for points – no restrictions, no blackout periods.
Use Aeroplan points for more than just flights
Redeem your points across your trip, from hotel rooms to car rentals.
Use Aeroplan points for life’s necessities
Aeroplan isn’t just about travel. Use your points for merchandise, experiences and gift certificates.
Learn more
How many Aeroplan points could I earn in the first year?
Move the sliders or use the fields to input the approximate amount of credit card purchases you currently make each month.
Gas, grocery and Air Canada® purchases, including Air Canada Vacations®


 
Monthly Spend

1000
$0$17,500
All Other Purchases


 
Monthly Spend

1000
$0$17,500
You could earn approximately:
70,000
Aeroplan points in your first year (includes bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points when you make your first Purchase with your Card1 and assumes that you've earned the 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening1 and an additional 15,000 Aeroplan points when you spend $12,000 within 12 months of Account opening1)†.
† This chart is for illustrative purposes only. Bonus points applies only in first year.
You could redeem†† your Aeroplan points for rewards such as:
One-Way Economy Class Ticket to Singapore (e.g. Toronto – Singapore)



†† Points required for the itinerary displayed fall within a typical range for travel with Air Canada – Use the Points Predictor Tool for Aeroplan flight rewards. For travel in high-demand periods, such as a popular time to visit a destination or during a holiday period, the price in points might be higher. Taxes and third-party charges may apply.
Earn more at Starbucks
Link your eligible Card to earn 50% more Stars at participating Starbucks stores. Conditions apply.  
Learn moreLearn more


Interest rates, fees and features are effective as of January 7, 2025, unless otherwise indicated, and are subject to change.
The Aeroplan program is a loyalty rewards and recognition program operated by Air Canada’s subsidiary Aeroplan Inc. Visit Air Canada for complete terms and conditions of the Aeroplan program
^ Offer effective as of January 7, 2025. The value up to $1,300 could be earned in the first year of Account opening and is based on the combined total value of:
$214: Annual fee rebate for the Primary ($139), and one Additional Cardholder ($75) for the first year;
$140: Based on first checked bags for two people, on a round-trip flight in the first year;
$200: Usage of the Nexus statement credit benefit, each Primary Cardholder and Additional Cardholder will receive one (1) statement credit for the amount posted to the Account, up to a maximum value of $100 CAD, for a NEXUS application fee regardless of NEXUS application approval. Limitations apply, please see Cardholder Agreement for details.
$800: 40,000 Aeroplan points earned based on the following requirements:
Welcome Bonus of 10,000 Aeroplan points earned when you make your first Purchase with your card
Additional Bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points earned when you spend $7,500 within 180 days of Account opening
Anniversary Bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points earned when you spend $12,000 and Account has been opened for 12 months
Value is based on the majority of current Aeroplan cardholders receiving a value of $0.02/points or more when redeeming for a flight as of September 30, 2024. Redemption calculation is based on actual flight redemptions made by cardholders between the period of November 8, 2020 – September 30, 2024.

Aeroplan points have no cash value but are redeemable under the Aeroplan program for flights and other rewards. The retail value of rewards obtained using Aeroplan points will vary depending on a range of factors including the type of reward issued, details of which may be found at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan.html#/. Aeroplan points may be redeemed only in accordance with the General Terms & Conditions of the Aeroplan program. Full terms and conditions of the Aeroplan Program are available online at https://www.aircanada.com/ca/en/aco/home/aeroplan/legal/terms-and-conditions.html. All offers are contingent on satisfying the criteria outlined in the offer terms and conditions.
1 Effective as of January 7, 2025. To be eligible for this offer, you must: (i) be approved for a TD® Aeroplan® Visa Infinite Card account (“Account”) while this offer is in effect, and (ii) not have opened any TD-Aeroplan Visa Card account (e.g., Platinum, Infinite, Infinite Privilege or Business] in the last 12 months.  Even if TD approves your application for an Account, the award and issuance of any Aeroplan points pursuant to this offer is subject to the Aeroplan program general Terms and Conditions located at aircanada.com/Aeroplan-termsandconditions, which provide that incentive or bonus Aeroplan points offered (including, for example, the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus described in this offer) to become an Aeroplan credit cardholder and/or to activate, use or hold a new Aeroplan credit card may not be issued and may be revoked in certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if you have previously received welcome or other incentive Aeroplan points in connection with the opening, activation, use or holding of a new Aeroplan credit card account with TD or another issuer of the same card category type  as the Account. 

Subject to the above conditions, under this offer you are eligible to receive: (a)(I) 10,000 bonus Aeroplan points ("Welcome Bonus") after the first eligible purchase is made on the Account; (II) an additional 15,000 bonus Aeroplan points ("Additional Bonus"), if $7,500 in net purchases (including the first purchase, less any returns and credits) is made on the Account within [180 days] of Account opening; and (III) a one-time anniversary bonus of 15,000 Aeroplan points ("Anniversary Bonus"), if the Account remains open and active for 12 months and $12,000 in net purchases (including the first purchase, less any returns and credits) is made on the Account within 365 days of Account opening; and (b) an annual fee rebate only for the first year of the Account for the primary cardholder and up to 3 additional cardholders (each, a "First Year Rebate") that will only be received if the Account is in good standing at the time the rebate is to be applied and: (I) the primary cardholder of the Account activates their credit card and the first eligible purchase is made on the Account within the first 3 months after Account opening; and (II) provided the primary cardholder conditions in (b)(I) are met, the additional cardholder(s) is/are added to the Account within [3 months] of Account opening.  The applicable First Year Rebate will be applied by TD to the Account within 2 monthly statements from the date of the first statement on which an applicable annual fee charge appears.

TD reserves the right to: (i) limit the number of credit card accounts opened by one person, (ii) limit the number of points available under this offer for the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus, and (iii) terminate or suspend, in whole or part, or modify this offer in any way at any time.  This offer cannot be combined with any other offer unless otherwise indicated. The Account must be in good standing at the time the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus are issued by Aeroplan. Please allow up to 8 weeks after the conditions for each element of this offer are fulfilled for the Welcome Bonus, Additional Bonus and Anniversary Bonus to be issued by Aeroplan and credited to the Aeroplan member account linked to the Account, which must belong to the primary cardholder. Closing the Account or transferring to another TD credit card account may result in forfeiture of any bonus points not yet awarded under this offer.
2 Primary Cardholder remains liable for all charges to the Account, including those made by an Additional Cardholder
3 A Primary Cardholder or Additional Cardholder, and up to eight (8) other passengers travelling on the same reservation (up to a maximum of nine (9) travellers), are each entitled to a free first checked bag up to 23kg/50lbs. Benefit only applies when checking in with Air Canada, for a flight operated by Air Canada, Air Canada Rouge or under the Air Canada Express brand. Benefit is not available if check-in is with another airline. If the first checked bag is already complimentary (for example, as a result of Aeroplan Elite Status or fare purchased), there is no additional checked bag benefit that will be provided. Free first checked bag benefit may not be applied retroactively, and no refunds will be issued. Service charges for additional/oversized/overweight baggage may apply. More information on baggage restrictions.
4 The Account will receive a statement credit up to a maximum of $100 CAD for the amount posted to the Account for a NEXUS application fee regardless of NEXUS application approval. There is a maximum of four (4) NEXUS statement credits available when a qualifying NEXUS application fee is posted to the Account in any given 48-month period and the number of available NEXUS statement credits will be equal to the number of Cardholders on the Account when a qualifying NEXUS application fee is posted to your Account. The 48 month period starts when the first qualifying NEXUS application fee is posted to the Account. To be eligible for the statement credit, the Account must be in good standing at the time the NEXUS application fee is charged and posted on the Account. NEXUS means the expedited border control program offered jointly by the Canada Border Services Agency and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The terms of the NEXUS program are established by NEXUS. The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its affiliates are not responsible for the NEXUS program.
5 Purchase of Gas or Grocery or Air Canada Products means a Purchase of gas or gas station services or products or a Purchase of grocery or grocery items, including those at grocery locations, or a Purchase directly with Air Canada for Air Canada products and services completed online at aircanada.com, in-person at Air Canada customer service counter at the airport or aboard an Air Canada flight and Air Canada Vacations packages, each from a merchant classified through the Visa network with a merchant category code (MCC) that identifies the merchant in the “gas” or “grocery” or "Air Canada" category. Aeroplan points are earned on eligible purchases charged to the Account as follows:
1.5 Aeroplan points (Bonus Rate) earned for each $1 in Purchases of Gas, Grocery or direct through Air Canada Products (earned only on a maximum annual amount of $80,000 of Purchases of Gas, Grocery or Air Canada Products); or
1 Aeroplan point earned for each $1 on all other Purchases.

Please contact TD if you wish to confirm the MCC that applies to a particular merchant, or if the Purchase qualifies as a Purchase of Gas, Grocery or Air Canada Products. If you have earned Aeroplan points on the maximum annual amount of Purchases of Gas, Grocery or Air Canada Products charged to your Account (from January 1 to December 31) or if your Purchase does not qualify as a Purchase of Gas, Grocery or Air Canada Products, you will instead earn the standard rate of Aeroplan points that applies to all other Purchases charged to the Account as described above. The Bonus Rate is in place of and not in addition to the standard rate of Aeroplan points earned on all other Purchases charged to the Account.
6 The Toronto-Dominion Bank is not responsible for any Aeroplan points earned under this “earn points twice” feature of the Aeroplan program when the Aeroplan number is provided. See your Aeroplan program for full details. Feature may be changed, withdrawn or extended at any time and cannot be combined with any other offer.
Preconditions/General T&Cs